My notes from MF1S50yyX pdf. I Tried to keep it simple and 
organized. Each section has a bunch of info, that defines the 
scope of each topic.

Communication:

	According to the guide, commands are initiated by the reader.
	From there they are controlled by the DCU or digital control unit.
	The command response is depending on the state of the Information
	circuit. This is also true when accessing anything on the sectors.
	
	After authentication you can do any of the following actions:
	
	Read block, Write block, Decrement: Decrements the contents
	of a block and stores the result in the I.T.B., Increment: 
	Increments the contents of a block and stores the result in
	the I.T.B., Restore: Moves the contents of a block into 
	the ITB Transfer: Writes the contents of the I.T.B. to a 
	value block.
	
	For operations, the carrier field from the reader always 
	needs to be present (with short pauses when transmitting),
	as it is used for the power supply of the card.
	
	For both directions of data communication there is only 
	one start bit at the beginning of each frame. Each byte is 
	transmitted with a parity bit (odd parity) at the end. The
	LSB of the byte with the lowest address of the selected 
	block is transmitted first. The maximum frame length is 163 bits 
    (16 data bytes + 2 CRC bytes = 16 * 9 + 2 * 9 + 1 start bit).
	
Needs:
	We have to write an anticollision loop function
    that selects each card individually distiguished by an 
    UID, and these selected cards can read/write correctly
    without interference from the other cards. The unselected 
    cards will return to the idle state and wait for a new 
    request command. ** Note: read 8.2.2 anticollision loop for
    more info.
    
    We also need to write a function to handle the three pass
    sequence. The mifare document should be able to help us with
    this part.

Security: 

--> There is a Manufacturer programmed 7-byte UID or 4-byte NUID 
	identifier for each device, Random ID Support, a mutual three
	pass authentication, and a individual set of two keys per 
	sector to support being wrirteen by different apps.
	
--> ***Three pass authentiacation sequence*** Very Important:

	1. The reader specifes the sector being accessed and chooses
	   which key to use A or B.
	2. For the first pass, the card then reads the key and 
	   accesses info from the sector trailer, then it sends a 
	   challenge number back to the reader.
	3. In the second pass, The reader then checks the response 
	   by using the secret key, other inputs, and challenge 
	   number, and transmits back to the card.
	4. For the final pass, the card verifies the response by 
	   comparing with the cards own challenge number, and then
	   it calculates the response to the challenge and transmits
	   it.
	5. The reader then does the same thing, after this first challenge,
	   the communication between card and reader is encrypted.
	   

What we need for delivery of data:
--> 7-byte Unique ID, or a 4-byte Non-Unique ID, and the writing 
	device uses either a bump, MOA4, or a MOA8 package. See 
	section 5 table 2 for ordering information
	
Card and chip description:

--> every mifare chip has a 1kb EEPROM, RF interface, and a digital 
    control unit. everything is transferred via an antenna 
    consisting of a coil that is connected to each chip.
    
	-The RF Interface uses a modulator, a Rectifier which
	 handles the power. a clock regenerator handle the speed
	 of transmission, a power-on reset and a voltage regulator.
	 
	-Authentication: ensures that access to a block is only 
	 possible via the two keys specified for each block

	-Crypto Unit: They use a CRYPTO1 stream cipher to authenticate
	 and encrypt the data exchange.
	 
	-EEPROM has 1kb of storage and it consits of 16 sectors
	 of 4 blocks. One block has 16 bytes, the last block of each 
	 sector is called the trailer and it contains the two 
	 secret keys and access information for each block in the sector.
	
	
Data Blocks:
	
1. Manufacturer Block: This is the 1st data block of 
   the 1st sector. This block comes pre-programmed and 
   write protected from the factory.
2. 
   
