These are the notes for the PCSC pdf. I will keep them simple and easy 
to read. If you need to reference the PDF, it is in the folder with 
these notes.

For notes purposes IFD is the INTERFACE DEVICE. I will use IFD to help 
with the notes.

the subsystem consits of:
Part 1: an IFD that provides the interface for ICC's or card readers.
Part 2: an I/O channel managed by the device driver on the PC.
Part 3: PC-Hosted, I.E. a program that interfaces with the upper layer
	    of the overall Interoperability Specification for ICC's, the
	    PC's architecture, and the low level device drivers. 
	    REF Figure 1 on pg 1.

The IFD Subsystem:

This is a PC peripheral subsystem consisting of the 
components described above. The IFD Subsystem has a layered 
architecture, which allows for different design variations and 
supports a variety of communications interfaces between the IFD 
and PC. Requirements on compliant devices are specified at
the interface to the ICC and at the programming interface 
(IFD Handler Interface) on the PC.

	IFD Subsystem:
	
		IFD's is a PC peripheral that:
		
		- Interfaces to ICC's in part 2. “Interface Requirements for
		  Compatible IC Cards and Interface Devices.”
		- Bidirectional communication must be supported
		- Incorporates the functionality needed to use the interface 
		  exposed by the IFD Handler.
		- Can add enhanced capabilities, like access to a display and
		  a keyboard.
	
		I/O Channel:
		
		This spec is compatible with IFD Subsystems using any available
		PC I/O channel to communicate with the IFD. We need to create
		an IFD Handler and device drivers, so that the ICC Service
		Providers can communicate with the ICC through the Interface 
		Device. Also we have to provide the proper management services
		and error handling related to the PC I/O channel to have  
		reliable, and error free communication.
		
		Since we are using a USB device we will be fine, the USB drivers
		handle all the I/O stuff, we could also use PS/2 devices, serial,
		parallel, PC-Card based, and SCSI interfaces. Bet you all dont 
		know what most of these are!!!
		
		
	
